Explicit add the velocity divergence within the Tracer DG formulation to account for non-divergence free velocity field. (#1721)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/fem.rst

* ``tracer uses dg`` specifies if the Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) formulation is used instead of the Continuous Galerkin (CG) that is used by default, for the tracer physics. This formulation allows discontinuities between elements and at boundaries, and only penalizes them; this prevents oscillations and enforces local conservation of mass, at the cost of more numerous degrees of freedom.

.. important::

>     The DG formulation is sensitive to CFL. Use a small time-step to avoid over/undershoots. From our experience, a CFL of 1 or lower is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The DG formulation is sensitive to the CFL value. Use a small time-step to  keep the tracer value bounded. From our experience, a CFL of 1 or lower is recommended.
```
